welcome everyone it's apple tech go and
today we have the review of the nexus 7
so to start off with it's an amazing
device it's got great screen quality
it's got the android it's got everything
that you really want in a tablet so we
have a 7-inch screen here and i think
that screen size I mean depending on who
you are office it's going to be
different for everyone I think it's a
great screen skies have I personally
just preferred the ipad mini certain
size just to tab more because it's just
wider and you can see more on it however
is still a lovely screen next we can go
to the camera so the camera I think is a
very quite a disappointment it's there's
only one and its front facing camera and
it's 1 point 2 megapixels so I mean not
only is it not that great quality it's
also there's only one and sometimes you
don't want a front facing front facing
is more for like calls and stuff and I
can see why they put it on there but for
me I prefer a rear-facing but I mean
it's different for everyone so for me
that's a bit of a disappointment that
there was only one and it wasn't even
that good quality but you can't please
everyone now I'm just going to get into
the price now because it's amazing how
cheap this thing really is so where I'm
living UK 159 pounds for the 16 gigabyte
and in America I believes 199 dollars
for 16 gigabyte so it is very cheap and
compared to the ipad mini yeah
definitely cheap I think it is safe to
say that it's well worth the money
because it's so cheap and it's very
capable device just as capable as the
ipad mini and some aspects but i'm going
to stop talking about the ipad mini
because there will be a video scene on
ipad mini vs nexus so that'll be in more
detail so here we have the latest
version of android running on here i
believe it's jelly bean and it's very
smooth no faults that i can sense we're
just going to open up a tab we're going
to type in google as you can see here's
the keyboard so lovely little device and
I very slow internet so yeah it's still
a great device and you can see the
screen quality is lovely it's very nice
device
and now we can talk about processor
because of speed in general it's just
it's Swift and it does the job and you
can't really ask for anything quicker
because it does it so well but it has
got a I've just got it here my notes let
me just check it's a 1.2 gigahertz janna
video Tegra 3 quad-core processor and
it's one particular hurt so that's a
great processor and that'll get things
done and see it works pretty smoothly it
snow like lag or anything everything
works very well and we can do swift
movements pull down and they've
everything works really fast and
thoroughly look-wise i think that
they've done a good job because it's in
between obviously they wanted to keep it
cheap so they've not done really nice
backing and stuff but still looks good
and i think it's a good line between
cheap-looking and expensive looking
because it looks good enough for the
price and it feels great and the weight
is a syringe with photographs oh it's
bit more than the ipad mini if you know
how much dope in many things like but
it's about half an ipad so it's pretty
good and I think it's a really well made
and it's quite stable and doesn't look
like it's going to break at all overall
this is a great little device it does a
job very cheap definitely worth the
money especially if your Android lover
this is the tablet for you I hope you
guys enjoyed the review of the nexus 7
today please subscribe for more I've got
more coming soon and just thanks for
watching guys see you later bye